Update change-nameservers-at-any-domain-registrar.md (#2451)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/get-help-with-domains/change-nameservers-at-any-domain-registrar.md

1. In the admin center, go to the **Settings** \> <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=834818" target="_blank">Domains</a> page.

> 2. On the Domains page, Click on the domain and click on DNS Records tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the **Domains** page, select the domain and then choose **DNS Records**.
```
